(light music)
In an earlier video, I showed you
actually something that looked like this:
if a, b, and c, and we can call the includes method on it
and check if something is included in that array.
That is actually half of what is called ES 2016, or ES 7.
Really, we only got that one method,
which is array includes,
and then the other thing that we got
was an exponential operator.
So, if you have three to the power of three,
it looks a little something like this:
three times times three,
and previously the way that we did that
is we say Math.pow, and you can pass it three and three,
and it's gonna give you the same result.
Kind of the nice thing about that is if you have
two to the power of two to the power of two,
that will give you 16,
whereas if we have Math.pow,
you cannot give it a third argument.
It will just ignore that third one,
so you had to maybe wrap that
in a second Math.pow,
and give it another.
See, I'm screwing up here,
'cause it's very hard to actually run.
So, times times is to the power of,
and includes is looks inside of an array.
That's all of ES 7 that we have.
That's the end of this video.